Docs for new activation functions and some of the missing initializers (#605)
explosion/thinc: website/docs/api-backends.md

| `inplace`   | <tt>bool</tt>     | If `True`, the array is modified in place. |
| **RETURNS** | <tt>FloatsXd</tt> | The outputs.                               |

### Ops.backprop_gelu {#backprop_gelu tag="method"}

<inline-list>

- **default:** <i name="yes"></i>
- **numpy:** <i name="no"></i>
- **cupy:** <i name="yes"></i>

</inline-list>

Backpropagate GELU activation
[(Hendrycks and Gimpel, 2016)](https://arxiv.org/abs/1606.08415).

| Argument    | Type              | Description                                     |
| ----------- | ----------------- | ----------------------------------------------- |
| `dY`        | <tt>FloatsXd</tt> | Gradients of the output array.                  |
| `X`         | <tt>FloatsXd</tt> | The inputs to the forward pass.                 |
| `inplace`   | <tt>bool</tt>     | If `True`, the `dY` array is modified in place. |
| **RETURNS** | <tt>FloatsXd</tt> | The gradient of the input.                      |

### Ops.relu_k {#relu_k tag="method"}

<inline-list>

- **default:** <i name="yes"></i>
- **numpy:** <i name="no"></i>
- **cupy:** <i name="yes"></i>

</inline-list>

> ReLU activation function with the maximum value is clipped at `k`. A common

Reviewer: ```suggestion
ReLU activation function with the maximum value clipped at `k`. A common
```

choice is `k=6` introduced for convolutional deep belief networks
[(Krizhevsky, 2010)](https://www.cs.toronto.edu/~kriz/conv-cifar10-aug2010.pdf).
The resulting function `relu6` is commonly used in low-precision scenarios.

| Argument    | Type              | Description                                |
| ----------- | ----------------- | ------------------------------------------ |
| `X`         | <tt>FloatsXd</tt> | The inputs.                                |
| `inplace`   | <tt>bool</tt>     | If `True`, the array is modified in place. |

> | `k`         | <tt>float</tt>    | Maximum value, (default: 6.0).             |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `k`         | <tt>float</tt>    | Maximum value (default: 6.0).              |
```

| **RETURNS** | <tt>Floats2d</tt> | The outputs.                                   |

### Ops.backprop_swish {#backprop_swish tag="method"}

<inline-list>

- **default:** <i name="yes"></i>
- **numpy:** <i name="no"></i>
- **cupy:** <i name="yes"></i>

</inline-list>

Backpropagate the Swish activation
[(Ramachandran et al., 2017)](https://arxiv.org/abs/1710.05941v2).

| Argument    | Type              | Description                                         |
| ----------- | ----------------- | --------------------------------------------------- |
| `dY`        | <tt>Floats2d</tt> | Gradients of the output array.                      |
| `X`         | <tt>Floats2d</tt> | The inputs to the forward pass.                     |
| `Y`         | <tt>Floats2d</tt> | The outputs to the forward pass.                    |
| `inplace`   | <tt>bool</tt>     | If `True`, the `dY` array may be modified in place. |
| **RETURNS** | <tt>Floats2d</tt> | The gradient of the input.                          |

### Ops.gelu {#gelu tag="method"}

<inline-list>

- **default:** <i name="yes"></i>
- **numpy:** <i name="no"></i>
- **cupy:** <i name="yes"></i>

</inline-list>

> . Gelu or "Gaussian Error Linear Unit"

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
GELU or "Gaussian Error Linear Unit"
```

[(Hendrycks and Gimpel, 2016)](https://arxiv.org/abs/1606.08415) is a
self-gating non-monotonic activation function similar to [`swish`](#swish):
whereas [`Gelu`](#gelu) uses the CDF of the Gaussian distribution Φ for
self-gating `x * Φ(x)` the `swish` activation uses the logistic CDF σ and
computes `x * σ(x)`. Various approximations exist, but `thinc` implements the

> exact `gelu`. The use of `gelu` is popular within transformer feed-forward

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
exact GELU. The use of GELU is popular within transformer feed-forward
```

blocks.

| Argument    | Type              | Description                                    |
| ----------- | ----------------- | ---------------------------------------------- |
| `X`         | <tt>Floats2d</tt> | The inputs.                                    |
| `inplace`   | <tt>bool</tt>     | If `True`, the array may be modified in place. |
| **RETURNS** | <tt>Floats2d</tt> | The outputs.                                   |

### Ops.backprop_gelu {#backprop_gelu tag="method"}

<inline-list>

- **default:** <i name="yes"></i>
- **numpy:** <i name="no"></i>
- **cupy:** <i name="yes"></i>

</inline-list>

> Backpropagate `Gelu` activation

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Backpropagate GELU activation
```

I think typescript should be used for symbols, etc. Maybe applies for later mentions of activation function names as well?

Reviewer 2: Added a commit that fixes this for all new activation function docs.

[(Hendrycks and Gimpel, 2016)](https://arxiv.org/abs/1606.08415).

| Argument    | Type              | Description                                         |
| ----------- | ----------------- | --------------------------------------------------- |

> | `dY`        | <tt>Floats2d</tt> | Gradients of the output array.                      |

Reviewer 2: Our elementwise activations, `X`, `dY`, etc. do not have to matrices I think? We take arrays of any dimensionality. (`FloatsXd`)

Author: Yes your right, this is typo!

Reviewer 2: I added a commit to change this consistently for the new activations (plus Mish, which was also updated).

| `X`         | <tt>Floats2d</tt> | The inputs to the forward pass.                     |

> | `inplace`   | <tt>bool</tt>     | If `True`, the `dY` array may be modified in place. |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| `inplace`   | <tt>bool</tt>     | If `True`, the `dY` array is modified in place. |
```

Otherwise it sounds like it could happen or it could not happen.

Reviewer 2: I added a commit to change this consistently, since the *may be* wording was used for all the new activation functions.
